When time resets, we all become zero.
Decimals apart, take us back to the start.
Tear down the walls, that were built to divide.
Can you feel that fire growing?
We're standing on the edge of the event horizon,
Moments before the Earth starts to flatline.




Son of god, Hangman's pawn.
Control our lives
With fairtytales and shallow lies.
You say we'll burn in hell.
Spiteful preacher, I know you well.
Desperation breathes and follows you home,
Look around, you're not alone.
One life and one chance, the world in front of me.
Intelligent design, sending shivers down my spine.
Cells mutate and divide,
what a sadistic intention.
No light, no dark. No up's, no downs.
I'll find peace, buried in the ground.
The lights go out, the fuse has blown,
No heaven or hell to bring me home.
Another division to tear us apart.
Try fill that hole inside your heart.
Sun of god, sun in the sky.
If you could speak, I'm sure you'd say:
"There's more to me than meets the eye."
Let me say my decency comes from inside.
Just human heart, a decent mind,
We all slip up from time to time. 




These streets aren’t pave with gold
Don’t believe everything that you’re told
Deception hides in all you see
Corruption hides in the air that you breathe
And in the land of the free
You know nothing comes for free
Fourth drive in paradise
Vapid souls check the market price
Lifetime slave living in a suburban grave
If there was a god you, was a god
You would be the death of him
These colours don’t run like colour from the face
Eyes roll back chemical despair
It’s true what they say
Life isn’t fair
So repeat this line
Everything, everything is fine
So repeat this line
Everything, everything is fine
These colours don’t run like colour from the face
Eyes roll back chemical despair
It’s true what they say
Life isn’t fair
And in the land of the free
You know nothing comes for free
I’m struggling to find any poetry in this
Someone beat me to the line ignorance is bliss
So I guess I’ll just say it how it is
You had it all you fucking pigs

These streets aren’t pave with gold
Don’t believe everything that you’re told
Deception hides in all you see
Corruption hides in the air that you breathe




Navigation in nautical twilight,
Separation from what we know is right.
The wind was taking us in the wrong direction,
It's about time we showed some disaffection.
Carry the weight of thousands of years.
Turn the page, let's make it all disappear.
We've had enough of inhibited progression,
Held back by cloak and dagger oppression.
We're insulting our own intelligence.
I won't listen without any evidence.
I'll live my life in the name of no one.
Bow your head, palm to palm,
Worship here in this cerebral cathedral.
As day breaks, the sunlight heals,
As day breaks, the light reveals.
These chains that we've been living in,
How easily we've been giving in.
Now she'd this skin, let change begin.
As day breaks, the sunlight heals,
As day breaks, the light reveals.
Navigation in nautical twilight,
Separation from what we know is right.
It feels to me like this boat is sinking,
Weighed down by rational thinking.
Light begins to pierce the distance.
Solar dawn, relieve the friction.
Blue hours quicken the pulse.
Upon the upper edge, reality dawns.




Raging waters flood the valleys of our mind.
The torrent washed the warning signs.
Swim through the one's and zero's,
So hard to tell the villains from heroes.
What if they say isn't true?
What if they want isn't best for you?
Washed up, face down on digital shores.
Lungs contract, now dive back in for more.
Are you sitting on the edge of your seat?
"We'll be right back, don't move an inch"
Static mirror, life isn't black and white.
I understand it's hard to chose what's right.
Whiteout swallows us all.
Once snow-blind, we won't care at all.
Tunnel vision,
Hearts beats in time.
Rhythmic contractions
Drowning in a flood of distractions.
I want to wake up and find a world in remission,
Free from the grasp of the human condition.
But we're all trapped inside static screens,
Trained from birth just to nod and agree.
I don't want to believe,
That we'll be forever, fast asleep.




Your life is ending one minute at a time
Check the clock and stand in line.
Hibernate, till your life's passed you by.
Please stop living like you're waiting to die.

Keep up, keep up,
Don't get left behind
Don't slip up, slip up
Chase that finish line
They don't want you believing
that your life deserves a meaning.

Weary souls, trying to forget.
That we're all puppets with a lifetime debt.

What a feeling, built to break,
Happiness with an expiry date.
Please stop living like you're waiting to die.

Stitched into our lives
Drained until we expire.
Weary soul's trying to forget
That we're all puppets with a lifetime debt.

Keep two eyes on that intangible finish line.
In this race we're all reduced to vermin.




I close my eyes and take a deep breath,
try to find my place in this.
Digging teeth into the hand that feeds,
so inhuman, I’m surprised you bleed.
Cutting teeth, fading belief.
Flip the switch and drag me in.
When they’ve had their way,
I doubt I’ll even dream.
Stray from the path and you’re on your own.
Lightening strikes in the unknown.
The view from here, even the blind would see,
that none of us were ever free.
I’ll be the lines in-between,
the ones that tell you what you want and need.
I am only rust on the machine,
amber corrosion.
The loudest truth you never heard,
a silent explosion.
Take my head from the clouds,
lift my feet from the ground,
Last note dies, they don’t make a sound.




Sowing the seeds.
Roots dig deep, whilst we sleep.
Snakes in veins, valves decay.
All of the meaningless words we say.
Cast the first stone, from behind the throne.
Crown of thorns, now overgrown.
All our wants and needs, bring us to our knees.
Can’t turn back now the seeds are sown.
Seven billion, one of a kind.
Collide together, intertwined.
National lines used to define,
where we draw the enemy lines.
Weapons aren’t used in this war.
Wait for the fallout from this absence of thought.
All the things we can’t afford to ignore.
The sun doesn’t shine anymore.




This is your country, this is your home,
Here is the house where you grew up alone.
[x2]

The city streets, you used to love,
Are bruised and broken are black and blue.
On our TV's, miles away.
On our doorsteps with no reason why.

Take it back. [x6]
This is your country, this is your home,
Here is the house where you grew up alone.
Remember this, remember this for what it was. [x2]
Remember this, [x2]
Take it back. [x3]
You want a voice, but your voices sound like violence.
You don't, you don't deserve this life,
You don't, you don't deserve this.

This is your country, this is your home,
Here is the house where you grew up alone.
Remember this, remember this for what it was,
Oh, a bleak projection of absent minds.

You want a voice, but your voices sound like violence.
You shout so loud but all I hear is silence.
The city streets that you show no love are bruised and broken,
Because of you. [x3]

This is your country, this is your home,
Here is the house where you grew up alone.
Remember this, remember this for what it was. [x2]




The sick get sicker while the rich get richer.
Capital greed paired with vestigial superstition.
The sick get sicker while the rich get richer.
Angels and demons, money and munitions.
Your left wing clipped,
buy a gun for jesus.
Opportunities for all those willing to pay.
Out of sight, out of mind,
too afraid of the horror that you might find.
Out of sight, out of mind.
How much does your faith cost?
Celestial shepherd watches over his flock.
What about those black sheep that he forgot?
Unanswered faith is everything that they’ve got.
I’d like to think you’re everything that I’m not.
Something here doesn’t add up.
Your charity starts and ends at home.
Your conscience called but you hung up the phone.




Our story began in the heart of a star.
We've lost our way, forgotten what we are.
We are only particles in motion.
Floating through space, what a destructive race.
Look at this life as a grain of sand, the blink of an eye, a world in your hands.
Thinking, feeling, surviving, believing
In what we think is right, refract distorted light.
You helped build this fire inside of me.
Breathing fire won't burn down the borders,
Set against everything that came before us.
All those things that you despise,
We all see through human eyes.
There is no side to choose, bound together, we all win or all lose.
Look at this life as a grain of sand,
The blink of an eye, a world in your hands.
Life is so short.
Take a moment to feel alive.
I know all we meant was to expand and to thrive.
But we sharpened our claws and we went to war.
With ourselves, with each other, with the rich and with the poor.
With anyone different, who believes in less or more.
Step out of the shadow, cast by left and right wings.
Take refuge in each other and the triumph that it brings.
Since we stood on two feet, we've been worth so much more.
Now tear down the walls, that were built to divide,
It's time to extinguish that fire inside.




In the bigger picture I've been painted out
Cracks in the earth blacken the sea
No canvas is reserved for me
Look up close and try to see
In every stroke lies past alone

Too close to home
Cutting too close to bone
The ink has dried and words reveal
Too close to home
Cutting too close to the bone
It's too easy to admit defeat

You aren't a child fighting in a war
Son please don't tell me that this is bored
Tear your things out from the earth
Long departed we're so short sighted

Too close to home
Cutting too close to bone
The ink has dried and words reveal
Too close to home
Cutting too close to the bone
It's too easy to admit defeat

Too close to home
Cutting too close to bone
The ink has dried and words reveal
Too close to home
Cutting too close to the bone
It's too easy to admit defeat




We're found a taste for selfdestruction
A blind eye for blatant disfunction
We're found a taste for selfdestruction
We're born in black blood

There's an imminence stirring like a siren singing
There's a debt to pay but they keep on drilling
Why simple truth so hard to tell
We had an Eden and turned it into hell

Born in black blood

Because this distance in our minds
Is the distance that we're behind
I can't forgive we won't forget
I can't forgive we won't forget

The lonely sound of the final drip
Like the starting gun marking the end of it
On the shoulders of forever it's a long way to fall
Black gold will be the death of us all
Black drought, word will spread
Of the time we found what the earth bled

Born in black blood!

Because this distance in our minds
Is the distance that we're behind
I can't forgive we won't forget
I can't forgive we won't forget
[x2]

BRAH!

Black drought, word will spread
Of the time we found what the earth bled
We've found the cancer inside of our heads
There's no turning back now, we're good as dead

When the well dried up no one cared
But when the hell shows up, they'll all stop and stare
[x2]

We've found the cancer inside of our heads
There's no turning back now, we're good as dead
[x2]

I can't forgive we won't forget
[x4]




[US Re-issue Bonus Track]
[origonally by Bon Iver]

Well, I met you at the blood bank
We were looking at the bags
Wondering if any of the colors
Matched any of the names we knew on the tags

You said, see look that's yours
Stacked on top with your brother's
See how the resemble one another
Even in their plastic little covers

And I said I know it well
That secret that you knew but don't know how to tell
It fucks with your honor and it teases your head
But you know that it's good girl
'Cause its running you with red

Then the snow started falling
We were stuck out in your car
You were rubbing both of my hands
Chewing on a candy bar

You said, ain't this just like the present
To be showing up like this?
As a moon waned to crescent
We started to kiss

And I said I know it well
That secret that we know that we don't know how to tell
I'm in love with your honor, I'm in love with your cheeks
What's that noise up the stairs, babe?
Is that Christmas morning creaks?

And I know it well, I know it well
And I know it well, I know it
And I know it, I know it
And I know it, I know it




the towers that shoulder your pride
the words you've written in stone
sand will cover them, sand will cover you
the streets that suffer your name
your very flesh and your bones
sand will cover them, sand will cover you

so put your faith in more than steel
don't store your treasures up, with moth and rust
where thieves break in and steal
pull the fangs from out your heel
we live in but a shadow of the real

step out from time, see the dust of nations
step out from time, hear the stars ovation

Saturn will not sleep, until the sand has made us clean
still we stack our stones and bury what we can
but it all will be undone, and nothing built under the sun
will ever stand before the endless march of sand

so put your faith in more than steel
don't store your treasures up, with moth and rust
where thieves break in and steal
pull the fangs from out your heel
we live in but a shadow of the real

so put your faith in more than steel
don't store your treasures up, with moth and rust
where thieves break in and steal
pull the fangs from out your heel
we live in but a shadow of the real